Incorporate cli behaviour in the capella base image (#152)
DSD-DBS/capella-dockerimages: docs/docs/capella/base.md

The Capella base image installs a selected Capella client version. The Capella client can be downloaded and can optionally be customised prior to building the Docker
image or can be downloaded automatically in the Docker image.

The images are meant to have a containerised Capella (with or without a
Team for Capella client) that can be run headless (as command line interface).

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! info

>     The functionalirt for running capella as a commanline app used to be part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The functionality for running capella as a command-line app used to be part of
```
